# Definitions
- **Component** is a JavaScript class or function that returns a JSX (JavaScript XML) element. Components are the building blocks of React applications and can be thought of as independent, reusable pieces of code that represent a part of the user interface.
- **JSX** (JavaScript XML) is a syntax extension for JavaScript that allows you to write HTML-like code within JavaScript, which gets transformed into regular JavaScript function calls by a process called transpilation
  - **Imperative** JavaScript
    - Describe "how" you want something done, step by step, and explicitly define each step to achieve the desired outcome.
    - More verbose, harder to maintain and focuses on the detailed instructions to achieve a particular outcome.
  - **Declarative** JSX in React
    - Describe "what" you want to achieve without specifying the exact steps to achieve it, and React takes care of the underlying DOM manipulation.
    - More concise, readable, maintainable and focuses on describing the desired outcome rather than the specific actions needed to achieve it.
- **props** is a mechanism for passing data from a parent component to a child component. Props are read-only and cannot be modified by the child component.
- A `Component`, consist of `Data`, `Logic` and `Appearance`.
  - `Data` consist of `Props` and `State`.
  - `State` is internal data that can be updated by the component's logic.

# Configs
- Remove lines beside code line number that are used for github repo:
  - Settings > Search for `diff decoration` > Chnage value of `SCM: Diff Decorations` from `all` to `none`.

# Create app
- Use CREATE-REACT-APP
```bash
npx create-react-app@5 pizza-menu
npm start
```

