# Definition
- `State` is a JavaScript object that stores component-specific data and determines a component's behavior and rendering. State allows React components to create dynamic and interactive UIs by enabling them to manage and update their internal data.
- Anything that start with *use* like `useState`, `useEffect`, ... are React Hook.
  - We just can call React Hook on the top level function, not inside if statement or another function or loop.
- Practical guidelines about `state`
  - Use a state variable for any data that the component should keep track of ("remember") over time. This is data that will change at some point. In Vanilla JS, that's a let variable, or an [] or {} 
  - Whenever you want something in the component to be dynamic, create a piece of state related to that "thing", and update the state when the "thing" should change (aka "be dynamic") 
    - Example: A modal window can be open or closed. So we create a state variable isOpen that tracks whether the modal is open or not. On isOpen = true we display the window, on isOpen = false we hide it. 
  - If you want to change the way a component looks, or the data it displays, update its state. This usually happens in an event handler function. 
  - When building a component, imagine its view as a reflection of state changing over time.
  - For data that should not trigger component re-renders, don't use state. Use a regular variable instead. This is a common beginner mistake. 

# Initialize
- Add **Reaqct Developer Tools** extension to chrome. It will add two extra tab (Components and Profiler) to *F12* that show values of `State` of the page.

# Create app
```bash
npx create-react-app@5 steps
npm start
```

# 
